Adding an alt image text (#2312)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/_build/html/_sources/community-handbook/style/style-figures.md

```{figure} ../../figures/alt-text-demo.png
---
name: alt-text-demo

> alt: A visual example of a web browser when it is not able to access an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt: This image is used for example using a wrong image path that a web browser can't access and hene does not display correctly.
```
